big collar says will you please show
your appreciation for the to how the
world's first only six rolled animated
stand-up do a song fusion that we
usually do comedy this is a very serious
song which I've written it's about love
it's a very beautiful song you guys do
slow Howard hello are you gonna blow
your nose before we do the song little
Howard's always formed up bad yes we
have we are called fight of the conquers
are we are named after my favorite bad
flight of the conchords and conquers
yeah yeah and it is going to be funny
because big Howard is very big and he
only has a very little guitar and I am
only very little and I have a great big
bass guitar and anyway big Howard says
that will be funnier than those idiots
from New Zealand because they're just
normal size I like just got normal sized
guitars I didn't call the flight of the
conchords that I don't know how does
dial you gadget cause of that I made a
mistake yes you did
are you gonna blow your nose before we
did a song I haven't got a hankie right
okay this is a very beautiful song I've
written about love it's it's called
wetters day so I'm trying to get some
work as a serious singer-songwriter on
I'm hoping that Simon Cowell's watching
oo something like that please lady
minutes called where's this takeaway
it seems that every time we kiss I
plugged into a CR blaze but it's not all
as wetters this I love you it seems that
every single day we just get in each
other's way to say I love you sorry
buddy have a hanky aachen but I'm very
sorry about the owner god bless you
thank you very much that's very nice of
you
I'm very sorry about this I know you're
very much enjoying my song I am sorry
about this sir I'm sorting berries all
about that we'll start again no more
sniffing you promise okay
okay sorry about this second part of a
song where is this part two
it seems that every single day we just
get in each other's way to please come
with a song by hands over little bit
slippy because I'm very sorry about that
lady Jemma no don't do that stop
thank you I'm equipping held at the hell
you